Did you see the strike as a Welsh strike or as a British strike?
Oh, a British strike, I think, because a lot of the coverage was from other areas, wasn't it English areas?
In fact, I can't offhand recollect any in Wales being shown. There must have been, I presume, but I can't remember them.
Certainly, that wasn't the dominant area that I saw.
Did it have an effect on the community here?
Well, I'm not certain about that because I'm not certain when the minds, the individual minds around here closed.
My impression is that a number of them had closed already when this started, but I wouldn't be certain.
There would be one or two that were still in operation, possibly only one, I don't know.
But, you know, I wouldn't be certain enough to.
Thank you.